Now that we're pretty much set up to build out the rest of the settings interface, the last thing that
we need to do is build out a nice interface for the favorites screen that is going to render inside
settings.
And in order to do that, what we're going to do is we're going to build out the favorites screen.
And this is going to come from the same place that settings screen comes from, which is the screens
of settings.
But we're going to call it favorites.
And so there's going to be a favorite start screen that we're going to create here.
Favorites, dot screen dojos and we're going to import react from react.
So let's go ahead and do that import, react from react, and we're going to export CONSED favourite's
screen.
And that's going to equal the ORENDER out right now of not so let's do that.
So it's going to be the exact same.
And let's go back to Settings Navigator, and it has to be favorites that screen.
Now, if we go over here and we go to favorites again, rendering not what we wanted to render, though,
and this is a short exercise just on reusability, we wanted to render something equivalent to this
list for you, the exact same type of list view that we're rendering for restaurants, exact same layout,
exact same format, exact same item.
We want it to do that with the favorites array, not with all of the restaurants, strictly with your
favorites.
Now, for this exercise, I want you to go look at the implementation over here, see which parts are
reusable, potentially reach the flat list and all of these other things that we've learned and try
to build out the list in a way that you can view it over here now.
In the next video, we'll look at the model solution.
Now, this doesn't mean that the way that you solve it is incorrect or that you cannot do it in different
ways.
It is completely valid to gain an interface and build it out in the way that you see it.
However, the model solution reaches to my knowledge and my expertise in the way that I view it in terms
of how I would solve it.
That doesn't mean that your implementation is wrong in any way, shape or form.